1.what is the benefits of using css?
ans- Web designers needs to use few lines of programming for every page improving site speed. Cascading sheet not only simplifies website  development, but also simplifies the maintenance as a change of one line of code affects the whole web site and maintenance time

2.what are the disadvantages of css?
ans- 1.CSS works differently on different browsers. IE and Opera supports CSS as different logic.
     2.There might be cross-browser issues while using CSS.
     3.There are multiple levels which creates confusion for non-developers and beginners. 

3.what is the different between css2 and css3?
ans- Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.

4.name a few css style components.
ans- 1)Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name. 
     2)Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc. 
     3)Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.

5.what do you understand by css opacity?
ans- The opacity-level describes the transparency-level, where 1 is not transparent at all, 0.5 is 50% see-through, and 0 is completely transparent.   

6.how can the background colour of an element be changed?
ans-  the background color of an HTML element using the background-color CSS property and giving it a value of a color.

7.how can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
ans- To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property.

8.what is the use of the background-position property?
ans-  background-position

9.which property controls the image scroll in the background?
ans- The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

10.why should beckground and color be used as seperate properties?
ans- because It enhances the legibility of style sheets.

11.how to center block elements using css1?
ans- By setting the properties margin-left and margin-right to auto and width to some explicit value:

     BODY {width: 30em; background: cyan;}
     P {width: 22em; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto}

12.how to maintain the css specifications?
ans- The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).

13.what are the ways to integrate css as a web page?
ans- there is three ways are available in css
    1.inline
    2.internal
    3.external

14.what is the embedded style sheets?
ans- Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place.

15.what are the external style sheets?
ans- An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. 

16.what are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
ans- Advantages

     1) The style of a few documents can be controlled from the site by utilizing them.
     2) Multiple HTML elements can have numerous documents, where classes can be made.
     3) To assemble styles in complex circumstances, selector and grouping strategies are utilized.

     Disadvantages

     1) The additional download is expected to import documents having style information.
     2) To render the documents, the outer template ought to be stacked.
     3) Not practical for small style definitions.
  
17.what is the meaning of the css selector?
ans- A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML      elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

18.what are the media types allowed by css?
ans-  1. continuous or paged.
      2.visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
      3.grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
      4.interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
      5.all (includes all media types)

19.what is the rule set?      
ans- A collection of rules or signatures that network traffic or system activity is compared against to determine an action to take—such  as forwarding or rejecting a packet, creating an alert, or allowing a system event.

20.create layout
ans-other file include
          create layout.html

